Writerside/topics/Beta-Status.md, before:

# Beta Status & Roadmap

Vizitest is currently in Beta. 

## Beta roadmap
Available during the beta phase.

- Headers and Cookies configured in the API Configuration cannot currently be used. This will be available shortly.
- Copy, paste and duplication of test configurations, components and groups
- Secrets and Variables - similar to Postman.
- Support for oAuth and Basic Authentication
- OpenAPI ingestion. Will allow instant creation of test configurations based from any OpenAPI specification.
- Additional MIME types. Currently only JSON is supported


## Post release
### Phase 1
Available in the first 3 months after the Version 1 release.

- AI support for the generation of Groups and Values. Our first version should be available in early February 2024.
- Passing data from an endpoint response to another endpoint in a single test configuration.
- Server Side Scripting - Pre- and post-request hooks. Examine and manipulate data. generate your own dynamic test cases from databases, lookup tables etc. Packages/modules for Typescript, Java and C# with more to follow.
- Regression Testing - integrate tests into any CI/CD workflow.

### Phase 2
Available in the 3 months following Phase 1.

- Mocking - Create a mocking server for your API before you have any real data. Ideal for both developers and QA. Populate mocking data from response snapshots or from OpenAPI example data.
- GraphQL
- Load testing - Create load profiles to test how your API performs under real-world conditions.

Commit message:

Added new version changes but left stuff in am about to delete from old version in case needed.

Writerside/topics/Beta-Status.md, after:

# Beta Status & Roadmap

Vizitest is currently in Beta. 

## Beta roadmap
Available during the beta phase.

- Copy, paste and duplication of test configurations, components and groups
- Secrets and Variables - similar to Postman.
- Support for oAuth and Basic Authentication
- OpenAPI ingestion. Will allow instant creation of test configurations based from any OpenAPI specification.
- Support for Binary and Form mime types
- Inline Javascript for custom assertions and passing response data from one endpoint as input to a subsequent request.

## Post release
### Phase 1
Available in the first 3 months after the Version 1 release.

- Server Side Scripting - Pre- and post-request hooks. Examine and manipulate data. generate your own dynamic test cases from databases, lookup tables etc. Packages/modules initially for Typescript with Java and C# coming immediately afterwards.
- Regression Testing - integrate tests into any CI/CD workflow.

### Phase 2
Available in the 3 months following Phase 1.

- Mocking - Create a mocking server for your API before you have any real data. Ideal for both developers and QA. Populate mocking data from response snapshots or from OpenAPI example data.
- New components for gRPC, Sockets and GraphQL
- Load testing - Create load profiles to test how your API performs under real-world conditions.
-
